today i'm going to explain a crime drama
film called spring breakers
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
candy brit and connie are college girls
who love to party drink and do drugs
for them it's all about having fun that
even in class they discreetly talk about
the things they want to do instead of
focusing on the professor's lecture
meanwhile their other friend faith likes
attending religious youth groups
one day after her youth group session
faith talks to her other two friends
vessen forrest about going to florida
they ask faith who she's going with and
when faith tells them that she's going
with candy brit and cottie bess warns
her to be careful
faith asks them why and they retort that
those girls are scary especially britain
candy they say that those two are just
so cold and that they act like they have
demon blood in their system
forrest even goes as far as to call them
evil adding that they give her
goosebumps but faith disagrees with them
she's known those girls since
kindergarten and she thinks that they're
sweet
forrest however begs to differ saying
that candy and brit don't seem right the
two girls tease faith about praying in
florida since she's going to be with
them
once she's in her dorm room faith
contemplates bess and forrest advice
at another party candy brit and cody
drink and smoke once again
the following morning the three girls go
to faith's dorm wasted and barefooted
then wake up faith to ask for her money
being the good friend that she is faith
gives them what she has
on the bathroom floor the four girls
count their cash and learn that they
only have 325
they are all disappointed that they are
short on money so faith offers them her
remaining 20
but the other three girls won't let her
faith says that she's so tired of seeing
the same things every day and that
everyone in there is miserable because
they keep seeing the same things and
waking up in the same bed in the same
house
she says she doesn't want to be like
those miserable people and that she
wants to get out of there
for her it's more than just spring break
it's a chance for them to see something
different the girls continue talking
about how everyone has already left
while they're still stuck there
feeling hopeless they say they've been
saving that money since the beginning of
the year but brit assures them that
they'll figure out how to get more when
faith asks britt how she's planning to
do that brit says she doesn't know but
what she does know is that she won't sit
there another day and they won't be
miserable anymore
one day candy and brit talk to cotty
asking her if they can borrow her car
cotty says no since it's in the shop
then asks them why they need her car
candy doesn't answer her and instead she
asks if she knows anyone who has a car
that they can use
catty accuses them of being shady then
adds that everyone is pretty much gone
as the three of them smoke and do drugs
candy asks coty if she knows where their
professor stevens hides his car
luckily connie knows where he hides his
key and she tries to ask them what
they're up to still candy only assures
her not to worry after getting high the
three girls remind each other to act
like how people in movies do and not be
scared before stealing their professor's
car
with ski masks over their heads a hammer
and realistic toy guns candy and brit
rob a small restaurant while cotty stays
behind the wheels in case they need to
escape quickly as cody slowly drives
around the restaurant she sees candy and
brit smash plates and threaten the
customers
after robbing the place candy and brick
come out and the three of them speed
away screaming at the top of their lungs
and cheering before they finally dump
the car and burn it back at the dorm
faith asks candy brit and cotty where
they got that huge amount of money and
candy confesses that they robbed the
chicken shack with squirt guns the three
girls are so proud of what they did but
faith is a little reluctant and
uncomfortable with it
eventually they're able to get faith to
celebrate and smoke with them
in florida the four girls have fun by
going to beach parties smoking drinking
and riding scooters
faith calls her grandmother and tells
her all about their spring break
adventure saying she can't believe how
many friends they've made
faith says everyone is so sweet and
friendly and that it feels good to get a
break from reality for a little while
faith tells her grandmother that she
wants to remember that trip and that she
wants to go back there with her the
following year
after attending a party the girls go
back to their hotel using their scooters
faith candy and brit swim in the pool
and talk about how they don't want to go
back while katie parties and drinks with
multiple guys
in the pool faith tells the girls that
it would be really cool if they could
freeze life and they agree with her
meanwhile cotty continues partying with
men and gets so drunk that she removes
her bikini top just to tease them faith
calls her grandmother again to tell her
what they're doing then she calls her
mom next apologizing for not informing
her that she's coming to florida at the
party everything goes crazy and cotty
starts making out with one of the guys
after all that the girls go to a
convenience store to continue their
drinking and playing around
candy brit and cotty then recall the
night of the robbery describing to faith
in detail what exactly they did
this makes her uncomfortable especially
with their crude demonstrations of what
they did
faith however remains quiet about it
the next day they continue partying and
the girls keep having the time of their
lives
what may look like complete debauchery
to some is simply good fun for them
to faith she might have even found
herself there amidst the loud music the
dancing touching and cheering people and
all that ecstatic blur things take a
sharp turn however when the cops bust
one of their house parties
faith keeps thinking that things weren't
supposed to be that way yet she and her
friends were all coughed and detained in
a cell still in their bikinis
the fun's gone and they all spend the
night there
after waiting in jail the girls finally
stand in front of a judge and are told
that they won't be charged with
narcotics possession since no drugs were
actually found on them instead they'll
be issued with citations and they have
to pay their fines else they'll spend
two more days in county jail brit tries
reasoning with the judge saying that
they don't have any money but the judge
simply tells them to find a way
sitting at the back of the courtroom is
alien a rapper who was at the first
party they attended he smiles at the
site and decides to bail them out alien
picks them up as soon as they get out
and introduces himself to them saying
that everyone can use some bailing out
once in a while
the girls don't respond but alien
ignores their seeming disinterest and
continues his sweet talking asking them
to ride with him
when brit asks where they're going he
says they can go wherever the girls want
cotty is the first one to get in his car
and the others follow alien asks the
girls if they've ever been arrested for
anything before and they tell him no he
teases them asking if they use drugs at
the party and they claim that they did a
little coke this excites alien and he
asks them if they met the twins at the
party but he then warns them to watch
out for the two
noticing that faith isn't saying
anything alien asks for her name and
when she tells him alien inquires if
that means she has faith and believes in
god
faith says yes prompting alien to keep
asking her if she likes to pray and if
she prayed for her friends on that trip
faith turns quiet again and alien
proposes that he may be the answer to
her prayers since he was there when they
were in trouble alien doesn't stop
talking and starts teasing them again
but about running out of cash this time
he tells the girls not to worry since he
has a lot of money before assuring them
that they'll be getting plenty too alien
then starts telling the girls his story
saying he grew up in that neighborhood
when cotty asks what he does for a
living alien answers that he's a hustler
meaning he's a drug and arms dealer and
a rapper he claims that many people know
him and that he's done a lot of illegal
activities around
the girls and alien are playing
billiards with his friends when suddenly
faith gets emotional she bursts into
tears telling her friends that she
doesn't feel comfortable being around
those kinds of people and that she wants
to go home
the girls try to calm her down but she
continues to cry saying that going to
jail and getting bailed out by a
stranger isn't what she signed up for
alien talks to her alone to ask her
what's wrong
faith says she wants to go home and that
she doesn't want to be there adding that
this isn't the reason why they came to
florida when alien asks her what the
reason is faith replies that she resents
where they came from so she thought that
by being in florida they'd be free
alien proceeds to ask her about what
kind of fun she wants to have and she
simply tells him not going to jail but
then he reminds faith that it was he who
got them out of jail still faith remains
wary of aliens motives and tells him
that he should leave them alone
alien insists that he's just being nice
to them confessing that he likes her but
she can go home if she wants to
however alien warned her that she'll
just be back where she started if she
goes home
for the last time faith stresses that
she wants to go home and alien tells her
that she can but her friends are staying
with him after their conversation faith
begs her friends to go home with her
admitting that she has a feeling that
something bad is about to happen
ignoring her please her friends just
tease her and ask her to stay
faith however is adamant about leaving
so she goes back home alone
candy brit and cotty stay behind and
alien charms them effortlessly alien
takes them to his house where the girls
see all of his guns and money he then
brings them to a strip club owned by big
arch who according to alien used to be
his best friend alien says big arch and
his men are the real deal even
describing them as murderers
in the club big arch confronts alien
saying he's got some nerve to be coming
to his turf
alien calmly tells big arch that he's
only having fun and they start to recall
that one time when they went to the
ocean
alien says he taught him how to swim and
big arch curly replies that he taught
alien everything he knows
the smile disappears from alien's face
and he tells him that he's not denying
it still big arch is pissed at him
commenting about how alien thinks he's a
boss now just because he has his own
operation
alien asks his old friend if he'd rather
he stay in his shadow forever but big
arch tells him up front that he wants
him to disappear alien says he can
handle anything since big arch made him
but big arch replies that just like he
made alien he'll break him back at
alien's house the man flaunts his guns
to candy and brit while the two are
preparing their drugs
connie is asleep but that doesn't stop
candy and brit from having fun
seeing that the girls are enjoying
themselves alien asks them if they like
his stuff and they say yes
he then takes out a lot of cash and
gives it to them before making out with
the two as alien and brit kiss candy
takes one of his guns and when alien
sees it he warns candy to be careful
since it's loaded just like her friend
brit also takes a gun and points it at
alien the girls now have two guns
pointed at him and they order him to get
down on his knees
alien complies and the girls ask him if
he thinks he can just own them they tell
him to open his mouth and when he does
brit puts the barrel of her gun deep
inside his mouth
kenny then says that since they have
everything they need in that house they
don't need him anymore and they could
just kill him
thinking that they're just playing
around alien toys with a gun using his
mouth and tells the girls that he just
fell in love with them alien sweet talks
brit and candy once again croning about
how different they are from the others
and that he knew they were special from
the moment he saw them he says he wants
to make them happy and help them live
life to the fullest alien then gives the
three girls pink ski masks and arms them
with shotguns before leaving the house
they see alien playing the piano so they
ask him to play something inspiring for
them alien obliges and the girl starts
singing along with him with the girl's
help alien commits armed robberies his
acts have flown straight to big arch's
radar and he says alien is taking away
his daughter's food and needs
with that big arch tells his man that
they need to do something about it
alien picks up the girls after a gig and
while in the car brit gives alien the
cash they've collected as alien drives
big arch and one of his goons suddenly
show up to block his path
alien asks big arch if he's following
him but he doesn't answer the question
seeing that candy brit and cotty are all
looking at him big arch threatens them
asking them if they want to die he then
tells alien that he's been looking for
him then asks him if he's been hiding he
warns alien to stay away from his
streets even talking about how he should
kill him
but then vig arch says that he should
just shoot alien in the face
just like that he speeds away as his
companion showers alien and the girls
with a rain of bullets they all duck but
cotty gets hit in the arm
alien takes out the bullet from katie's
arm apologizing for what happened he
promises katie that they will get their
revenge on big arch but cody tells them
that she wants to go home
candy and brit couldn't stop cody from
going home and the two of them stay
behind alien candy and brit hook up in
the pool and when they have finally
decided to get back at big arch the
three of them admit to each other that
they're scared
sometime in the future brit calls her
mom and tells her that she wants to be
better at school and life
britt says she feels changed for some
reason and that she wants to be a good
girl from that moment on
candy calls her mom too
she lets her know that she's had so much
fun during their spring break and that
she's coming home promising that she's
going to do better than before back to
the present alien candy and brit ride a
speedboat to big arches mansion with
their pink ski masks on and their guns
on hand the girls follow alien as he
enters big arches property his men
however spot them immediately and they
shoot them instantly killing alien
candy and brit leave him and as they
continue their way inside the place they
start gunning down everyone they see
they find big arch in his bathtub and
without mercy they shoot him using one
of big arch's cars the two girls head
back home later on candy and brit are
seen kissing aliens dead body
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching